Jones is kind of pressing issue a little
bit change
dominant sheep is only a junior and he
is a highly coveted get your igloo way
under duress Derek O'Brien that's a
tough run before well and Dominic has a
second field goal early nice layup and
great speed in transition for the junior
Dominic chief
I'm impressed with st. Anthony's team
speed and their defensive intensity
chica gana to the basket for too long
for three for the cord for cheeks sits
on the plate for Jamie Dixon at Pitt and
there's brought a big nice
representation here we've seen Jay
Wright at Villanova Bobby Gonzalez City
Hall Roberts of st. John's Ron the house
here's a future Panther nice back to a
cut and the reverse the tune that was
sweet Colin an even better past a comedy
cheap over the future Rutgers Scarlet
Knights yours cheek lon great
and you see what's happening right now
Tom 82 years 66 route lines and
everybody touches watch this game and a
James Matthews nice fundamentals keep
the ball high on the rebound attempt
these gets the rock moving more
who won all here his cheek that's a
green sheep showing us something here
only a junior
he's got teen boys his second three and
that was a splash develop winner fight
was quite a bit rich she could lose
again
for this young man Dominic chief up to
16 points chance for three-point play
chicas decided this is this coming-out
party
watch here he gets boy it's not cold
most young players would go up and try
to dunk them regardless days or watch
him presence of mind take the contact
the swish to his left
full speed that's pretty pretty batsman
I think he's ready to declare early on a
high school would add legs only a junior
folks this kids amazing 17 points
big-time schools North Carolina UConn
Texas lead over Florida Wake Forest Ohio
State all interest city says by the way
still be in Memphis
Taylor miss will all rebound
kick-out cheat in a corner can you keep
it believe it
poets three three Porter's doesn't
surprise me to see a player step up like
this based on the fact that there's a
all all-american on the other Friday
Dominique cheek has been anything but
tongue-in-cheek he dominated the first
half with an assortment of drives to the
hole and the feathery jump shot
you know he's hot when he's not touching
the rim young man has taken advantage of
the national stage and showing us why
he's one of the most highly sought after
juniors in the main is he M 20-point the
Knights seven four nine for the floor
three for four three-pointers lighten it
up was bombing to keep player or it's
early told us today really loves to
watch the developments come a long way
to throttle the basket
pressures from getting ruined his turns
and hits off the glass
offensive foul
I thought he got to the side of the
defender but who is it none of the
comedy chief there to draw the show